Go back to qiskit 1.2.4. (#432)
CQCL/pytket-qiskit: docs/changelog.md

# Changelog

## 0.61.0 (December 2024)

> - Restrict qiskit version to ~= 1.24. to avoid braking changes in 1.3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restrict qiskit version to ~= 1.2.4, to avoid breaking changes in 1.3.0
```
